jessica/com/databinding/ActivityBellPepperBinding.java
 jessica.com.databinding.ActivityBellPepperBinding
jessica/com/Grape.java
 jessica.com.Grape
 jessica.com.Grape$1
 jessica.com.Grape$2
 jessica.com.Grape$3
jessica/com/databinding/ActivityChatBinding.java
 jessica.com.databinding.ActivityChatBinding
jessica/com/SplashScreenTwo.java
 jessica.com.SplashScreenTwo
 jessica.com.SplashScreenTwo$1
jessica/com/Apple.java
 jessica.com.Apple
 jessica.com.Apple$1
 jessica.com.Apple$2
 jessica.com.Apple$3
jessica/com/databinding/ActivityPotatoBinding.java
 jessica.com.databinding.ActivityPotatoBinding
jessica/com/Chat.java
 jessica.com.Chat
 jessica.com.Chat$1
 jessica.com.Chat$2
jessica/com/BellPepper.java
 jessica.com.BellPepper
 jessica.com.BellPepper$1
 jessica.com.BellPepper$2
 jessica.com.BellPepper$3
jessica/com/databinding/ActivityStrawberryBinding.java
 jessica.com.databinding.ActivityStrawberryBinding
jessica/com/databinding/ActivityPeachBinding.java
 jessica.com.databinding.ActivityPeachBinding
jessica/com/Message.java
 jessica.com.Message
jessica/com/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 jessica.com.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
jessica/com/Strawberry.java
 jessica.com.Strawberry
 jessica.com.Strawberry$1
 jessica.com.Strawberry$2
 jessica.com.Strawberry$3
jessica/com/ChatIntent.java
 jessica.com.ChatIntent
jessica/com/databinding/ActivitySplashScreenTwoBinding.java
 jessica.com.databinding.ActivitySplashScreenTwoBinding
jessica/com/databinding/ActivityCherryBinding.java
 jessica.com.databinding.ActivityCherryBinding
jessica/com/databinding/ActivityCornBinding.java
 jessica.com.databinding.ActivityCornBinding
jessica/com/databinding/ItemBotMessageBinding.java
 jessica.com.databinding.ItemBotMessageBinding
jessica/com/BuildConfig.java
 jessica.com.BuildConfig
jessica/com/Cherry.java
 jessica.com.Cherry
 jessica.com.Cherry$1
 jessica.com.Cherry$2
 jessica.com.Cherry$3
jessica/com/databinding/ActivityGrapeBinding.java
 jessica.com.databinding.ActivityGrapeBinding
jessica/com/TomatoPlant.java
 jessica.com.TomatoPlant
 jessica.com.TomatoPlant$1
 jessica.com.TomatoPlant$2
 jessica.com.TomatoPlant$3
jessica/com/SplashScreen.java
 jessica.com.SplashScreen
 jessica.com.SplashScreen$1
 jessica.com.SplashScreen$1$1
 jessica.com.SplashScreen$1$1$1
jessica/com/databinding/ActivitySplashScreenBinding.java
 jessica.com.databinding.ActivitySplashScreenBinding
jessica/com/Peach.java
 jessica.com.Peach
 jessica.com.Peach$1
 jessica.com.Peach$2
 jessica.com.Peach$3
jessica/com/MessageAdapter.java
 jessica.com.MessageAdapter
 jessica.com.MessageAdapter$MyViewHolder
jessica/com/PlantHealth.java
 jessica.com.PlantHealth
 jessica.com.PlantHealth$1
 jessica.com.PlantHealth$2
 jessica.com.PlantHealth$3
 jessica.com.PlantHealth$4
 jessica.com.PlantHealth$5
 jessica.com.PlantHealth$6
 jessica.com.PlantHealth$7
 jessica.com.PlantHealth$8
 jessica.com.PlantHealth$9
jessica/com/databinding/ActivityTomatoPlantBinding.java
 jessica.com.databinding.ActivityTomatoPlantBinding
jessica/com/databinding/ActivityPlantHealthBinding.java
 jessica.com.databinding.ActivityPlantHealthBinding
jessica/com/databinding/ChatItemBinding.java
 jessica.com.databinding.ChatItemBinding
jessica/com/Potato.java
 jessica.com.Potato
 jessica.com.Potato$1
 jessica.com.Potato$2
 jessica.com.Potato$3
jessica/com/Corn.java
 jessica.com.Corn
 jessica.com.Corn$1
 jessica.com.Corn$2
 jessica.com.Corn$3
jessica/com/databinding/ItemUserMessageBinding.java
 jessica.com.databinding.ItemUserMessageBinding
jessica/com/MainActivity.java
 jessica.com.MainActivity
 jessica.com.MainActivity$1
 jessica.com.MainActivity$2
jessica/com/databinding/ActivityAppleBinding.java
 jessica.com.databinding.ActivityAppleBinding
jessica/com/ChatBot.java
 jessica.com.ChatBot
